port from zero-deployable-backend-sevice and make enhancement (#153)
commitdev/zero-aws-eks-stack: templates/README.md

```
For Application use, see [Sendgrid resources][sendgrid-send-mail] on how to setup templates to send dynamic transactional emails. To setup emailing from your application deployment, you should create a kubernetes secret with your Sendgrid API Key(already stored in [AWS secret-manager](./terraform/bootstrap/secrets/main.tf)) in your application's namespace. Then mount the secret as an environment variable in your deployment.

> #### Application Database user creation
> Using environment variables injected from Zero, it will fetch the RDS master password from AWS secret manager
> - creates a namespace
> - creates a job with a SQL query file mounted generating an application user
> - creating a secret in the application namespace in your EKS cluster
> - removing the RDS master password for security reasons
> 
> _Note: the user creation only happens once during `zero apply`, for details see the `make create-db-user` command. If you want to renew the user/password, you can run the script `sh dp-ops/create-db-user.sh` manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Application database user creation
A database user will automatically be created for a backend application with a random password, and the credentials will be stored in a kubernetes secret so they are available to the application.

_Note: the user creation only happens once during `zero apply`. If you want to run this process again to create a new password, you can run the script `sh dp-ops/create-db-user.sh` manually, though be aware that this will cause the user and its privileges to be removed and recreated, and may disrupt your application until it is restarted.
```
